update the custom upstream intro to add glossary terms (#9334)
pantheon-systems/documentation: source/content/guides/custom-upstream/01-custom-upstream.md

### Public Upstream

<p>A <dfn id="public-upstream">public upstream</dfn> is a repository that is open to all Pantheon users which contains a common codebase for new sites, like <a href="https://github.com/populist/panopoly-drops-7">Panopoly</a>.</p>

### Repository

<p>A<dfn id="repository">repository</dfn> is a collection of files packaged in a single directory under version control.</p>

### Remote Repository

<p>A <dfn id="remote-repository">remote repository</dfn> is the central version control location, such as a repository residing on GitHub, Bitbucket, or GitLab.</p>

### Upstream Updates

<p><dfn id="upstream-updates"> Upstream Updates</dfn> are code changes that are made once in a parent (upstream) repository, then applied "downstream" to child repositories. This is how Pantheon's one-click updates work.</p>

### Site Repository

<p>A <dfn id="site-repository">site repository</dfn> is a child repository where upstream updates are applied and site specific customizations are tracked, similar to your site's codebase on Pantheon.</p>

### Framework

> <p>The <dfn id="upstream-framework">upstream framework</dfn> (or site framework) determines the server configuration for a given CMS. It includes things like Nginx configuration, the relevant CLI tool to install (Drush or WP-CLI), etc. This setting is <em>not visible</em> to users and once a framework has been set for a site (based on how the upstream was configured), it cannot be changed without <a href="https://docs.pantheon.io/guides/custom-upstream/switch-custom-upstream">changing the upstream</a> itself.</p>

Reviewer: > This setting is <em>not visible</em> to users and once a framework has been set for a site (based on how the upstream was configured), it cannot be changed without <a href="https://docs.pantheon.io/guides/custom-upstream/switch-custom-upstream">changing the upstream</a> itself.

^ I don't think is accurate, because: 

* The site framework **is** visible from the site dashboard and also visible from the CLI `terminus site:info` 
  * the upstream framework isn't visible from a non-admin dashboard page but customers can see it from the CLI `terminus upstream:info` 
* A site's framework **cannot** be changed after site creation. Switching a site's upstream will only work when the current upstream and the new upstream have matching frameworks - it will not switch the site framework ever, and if you try to switch the site to an upstream with a different framework the workflow will fail. 
  * A custom upstream's framework **can** be changed after creation but only from the admin debug panel, so customers would have to contact support to do that  

![screencapture-dashboard-pantheon-io-sites-452cb6f4-4068-4275-bf10-fc3dd5670274-2024-12-04-15_13_20](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5c421397-ff55-4b7d-95f1-763ac6b01187)

<img width="850" alt="Screenshot 2024-12-04 at 3 35 05 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/51b7e07c-e31a-42df-856f-13ea59a9b105">

> <p>The <dfn id="upstream-framework">upstream framework</dfn> (or site framework) determines the server configuration for a given CMS. It includes things like Nginx configuration, the relevant CLI tool to install (Drush or WP-CLI), etc. This setting is <em>not visible</em> to users and once a framework has been set for a site (based on how the upstream was configured), it cannot be changed without <a href="https://docs.pantheon.io/guides/custom-upstream/switch-custom-upstream">changing the upstream</a> itself.</p>

Author: ```suggestion
<p>The <dfn id="upstream-framework">upstream framework</dfn> (or site framework) determines the server configuration for a given CMS. It includes things like Nginx configuration, the relevant CLI tool to install (Drush or WP-CLI), etc. This setting is visible to users via Terminus and in the Site Settings. Once a framework has been set for a site (based on how the upstream was configured), it cannot be changed through the UI or Terminus. If you need to change your site's framework, you would need to contact Support.</p>
```

@rachelwhitton ☝️ Better?
